detective recapped here today i'm going
to explain a drama thriller film called
pihu which is based on a true story
spoilers ahead
watch out and take care based on a real
life incident
this follows the story of a little girl
he who who is left alone at home with
various hazards surrounding her
pihu's mother pooja throws a party for
her daughter's second birthday
although many of her friends have
attended her party pihu keeps asking for
her father
gaurav who's yet to arrive when pihu
awakes the next day
she keeps waking up her mother asking
for water but she won't stir
she asks pooja where her father is but
she won't answer
either instead of waiting for her mother
to wake up pihu leaves the room and
peeks downstairs
calling out for her father when there's
still no answer he who decides to
carefully go downstairs
counting every step she takes with her
stuffed toy in her arms
pihu keeps wandering around the house
which is a complete mess from
yesterday's party
who steps on some candies on the floor
but she shakes them off and takes the
newspaper with her
as she's about to go upstairs pihu hears
a sound coming from the kitchen and sees
that the faucet is left running
she calls out to puja again trying to
inform her that the tap is on
but there's still no response using a
woven stool
pihu tries to turn off the faucet but
she can't reach it
she hears another sound coming from
somewhere else so she just leaves the
water running and gets out of the
kitchen
not noticing the electrical wires and
outlet on the floor
seeing that the television is on pihu
changes its channel and dances to the
music
asking her unresponsive mother to join
her when she gets tired
pihu places the newspaper next to
pooja's body trying to show her the
picture on the front page
pee who then begs her mother to wake up
saying she wants to play in the swing
but when pooja doesn't move pihu puts on
her mother's favorite show on the
television before calling her again
wondering why her mother is deeply
asleep pihu tries tickling her feet but
she still won't budge
upset piu starts crying and she climbs
on the bed to shake her mother's body
but all her efforts are futile pooch's
phone then starts ringing
as p who looks for it she sees it on top
of the shelves
without hesitation pihu takes the woven
stool from downstairs to the room
but when she gets back the phone has
already stopped ringing
pihu keeps trying to wake her mother up
and this time she's telling her she
needs to use the bathroom
without her mother's help pee who puts
her potty trainer on the toilet before
pulling down her diaper
so she can sit on the toilet and do her
business still wanting to get her
attention
pihu tries to show puja that she got her
finger dirty when the phone rings again
pihu goes back to the stairs to retrieve
the woven stool
p who places it in front of the shelf
and stands on it but still
she can't reach the phone pihu goes to
the bathroom and plays with water
getting the floor all wet after that she
brushes her teeth and puts her dirty
underwear back on but fails to put on
her pajamas
frustrated pu tosses her pajamas away
making them land on the iron board
pihu cries again and tries to shake puja
awake revealing the bruises on her face
with pihu sobbing on top of her mother's
body pooja drops a bottle of medicine on
the floor
here her bruised arm can be seen hinting
at the domestic violence she must be
experiencing
pihu looks at the scattered pills on the
floor wondering what they are
pee who picks them up one by one and
puts them back inside the bottle
asking her mother if she can eat them
the phone rings once more
and pihu decides to climb the shelf to
get it just as p who finally manages to
get the phone
she accidentally drops it making it
bounce under the shelf
as the phone lands on the floor the
answer button is pressed
leaving garf to think his wife has
answered it he then goes on a rant
asserting that pooja has made his life
miserable while piyu struggles to reach
the phone
her father continues his tirade blaming
pooja for missing his flight to kolkata
since she didn't pack his bags or iron
his clothes
piss that pooja isn't responding gareth
tells her to go to hell before informing
her that he forgot to turn off the iron
in a hurry
when garv hears pihu crying he tries
talking to her
but he can't understand what she's
saying and eventually ends the call
when p who notices the bruises on her
mother's face she goes to the bathroom
to look for pooja's cream but can't find
it
there pooja has written a farewell note
on the mirror using her lipstick
blaming gara for her suffering and
saying she wanted to take pihu with her
too but didn't have the guts to do it
pihu puts some lipstick on and shows her
mother
then opens one of the drawers where she
finds the cream she applies it to her
mother's face before applying a large
amount to herself
when p who sees the iron smoking she
approaches it to turn it off
however she doesn't know how so she just
snatches her pajamas from the iron board
which is already starting to burn
determined to turn off the iron
pihu keeps asking her mother how to do
it as she goes around the iron board
looking for the switch unable to find it
heho touches the scorching hot iron and
burns her hand
causing her to squeal in pain as she
weeps pihu goes on top of her mother
until she falls asleep
pee pihu wakes up choosing to ignore the
ringing phone
she tries waking up puja again telling
her she wants some milk
unsuccessful she goes outside and tries
reaching for her bottle of milk on
another shelf
only to drop and spill it on the floor
pihu quickly cleans up the mess and goes
to the kitchen
where she reheats a piece of roti bread
in the microwave pihu sets the timer to
10 minutes and eventually burns the
bread
leaving her to cook the roadie on the
stove which she burns too
starving pee who leaves the stove on
opens the refrigerator
where she finds a leftover piece of cake
to eat after that
she removes the contents of the
refrigerator and goes inside before
finally closing its door
however she quickly finds that she's
struggling to get out
so she shakes the fridge making the
bottles of condiments on top of it fall
and break
with the faucet and stove still on and
shards of glass line everywhere
pihu continues to eat on the floor and
walk around the house barefooted
when a garbage collector comes pihu
tries to answer the door
but the man immediately leaves meanwhile
in the kitchen
the sink is starting to overflow worried
about her mother
pee who offers pooja her bread telling
her she must eat
she then plays with the balloons and
when one of them lands on the iron and
pops
pihu starts playing with her other toys
and the pills on the floor instead
the phone rings again and pihu finally
manages to get it with a wooden ruler
pihu answers it and talks to her father
who's asking for puja
when pihu puts the phone in pooja's ear
garv tells her that he's already boarded
his plane and will be unreachable for
two hours
he then asks if she's already turned off
the iron but when his wife doesn't
answer
garv gets mad eventually he admits that
being late to pihu's party was his
mistake but he's still furious that they
had to argue about it all night and that
pooja had to drag her friend meera into
their problem
receiving no response from his wife
garav ends the call before p who could
even talk to him
with no one to talk to he who plays with
her toy phone which is caught in the
iron board
when she fails to remove the knot heho
takes the toy phone with her and leaves
the bedroom
causing the iron to fall flat on the
iron board as she watches television
the iron starts to smoke causing a power
outage
when the television turns off pihu goes
behind it to try and fix it
but she gets confused when she finds
exposed electrical wires there
pihu touches the outlet and turns on the
main switch but still
the television won't work pihu then
hears someone knocking
and when she peeks under the door she
sees and hears their neighbors talking
about the electricity
the woman says the generator is getting
fixed and when the electricity comes
back on the man
asks for pius family saying he's come to
deliver their milk
but no one is answering the door the
woman gets irritated and tells him she
doesn't care
adding that the party at pihu's house
kept her up all night
the man then asks if she can give the
milk to pee who's mother but she rudely
refuses
pee who watches as the man gets on the
elevator and when he's gone
she just stays there on the floor with
her doll until she falls asleep
pihu is awakened by the ringing phone
and when she's about to go upstairs to
get it
she hears a beeping noise from the
kitchen suddenly the water heater
explodes
causing a loud bang inside the house p
who can only watch in fear as the water
in the kitchen overflows
and meanwhile their neighbors are
starting to worry about the commotion
the guard informs the neighbors that
he'll check what's happening while pihu
helplessly cries as she looks around her
messy and dangerous surroundings
pihu then carries her doll upstairs and
suddenly trips on one of the steps
but she just ignores it and continues
making her way up
when the electricity came back on
moments ago the iron started working
again
too but because it's burning the iron
board once more
it causes yet another power outage bort
p who tells her mother she wants to play
and goes to the balcony to call her
friends
and while she does her doll accidentally
falls over the railings
without realizing the danger she's in
pihu tries to reach for her doll
which eventually falls to the ground she
then goes back inside to asks for
pooja's help but her mother remains
motionless
pihu returns to the balcony and starts
climbing the railings which serve as her
only barrier from falling down several
floors
as pihu reaches the top and leans over
one of her neighbors sees her and
instructs her to carefully get down
the neighbor then alerts the guard to
check on the little girl while pivo
finally gets back to safety
when the phone rings again pihu goes
back inside the room to answer it and
meera starts speaking
thinking that she's talking to pooja
mira asks her why she's behaving oddly
and when she doesn't answer neera says
she's coming over
pihu tries talking to her too but meera
can't understand piu's words
so she just says she'll see her soon
before ending the call
the power comes back on and as it keeps
fluctuating
one of the neighbors calls out the
guard's attention again with nothing
else to do
pihu starts playing with her toys before
watching with her mother's phone and
sitting by the stair railings with her
legs dangling over
she then goes back to the bedroom and
starts going through her photo album
when she hears a car pihu goes to the
balcony to see if it's her father but
it's just one of their neighbors
garv calls once more and when pihu
answers it gareth tells her to tell
pooja he's sorry before informing p who
he's coming home the next day
he then says he'll call again after an
hour and when he ends the call
the phone beef says it needs to be
charged however
pihu just happily plays with the phone
wasting its remaining battery
when mira tries to call again pihu
rejects the call and continues playing
afterwards pee who picks up the
remaining pills on the floor and
eventually falls asleep on top of her
mother
pihu is awakened by another phone call
but it's just a woman from a salon
offering their services
the woman quickly hangs up when no one
talks back to her and with the phone
continuing to lose its battery
pihu asks her mother for food when p who
sees the floor cleaner
she starts thinking that it's milk but
while she's transferring it to her
bottle
she accidentally spills everything still
hungry
pihu tries to breastfeed from her mother
but she gets frustrated when she fails
to unbutton puja's shirt
meanwhile meera sends puja a message
saying she'll come over in the evening
instead
pihu cries out in hunger and frustration
and when she goes back downstairs
she sees that the house is already
flooded while walking around the house
pihu slips she sees some leftover food
under the table
and with her desperation to stave off
her hunger she decides to eat them
as the poor girl eats the neighbors
arrive and they keep knocking on the
door
with nobody answering they assume that
pihu's family forgot to turn the tap off
they leave and pihu returns upstairs
with her leftover snack
missing her father's call eventually
though she finally answers the phone
and she asks her father to tell her a
story though garv keeps asking for pooja
pew insists that he tell her a story
first her dad complies
but he stops when he hears pihu coughing
he instructs her to ask pooja for some
medicine
but pihu says that her mother's gone and
that she's in kolkata
confused garf tells her that he's in
kolkata while puja is with her
from there pihu keeps repeating that her
mama's sleeping much to garv's
increasing concern
worried garev tells pihu to stay on the
line as he races back home
garv then makes a three-way call and
asks meera to check in on his family
but his message goes straight to
mirror's voicemail when the call finally
ends fee who continues eating her food
and even puts some in pooja's hand
at this point flies are swarming pooja's
body already
after putting some food in her mother's
mouth pihu asks if she can eat one of
her pills
without waiting for an answer pehu takes
one pill and finds it disgusting
however she continues to take more and
more of the pills
after playing for some time pihu slowly
falls asleep while the phone keeps
ringing with her father's calls in the
background
when the neighbors finally decide to
break into pieu's house garv arrives
just in time to open the door
once inside he frantically searches the
burning and flooding house for his wife
and daughter
afraid that something has happened to
them his fears come to life when he
finds puja's lifeless body on the bed
he desperately begs for her forgiveness
and as he keeps looking around
he realizes that the iron has exploded
still looking for his daughter
he suddenly hears pihu calling out to
him and the distressed man finds her
under the bed
playing and telling him that she's home
he who is confused about what's
happening but happy that her father is
finally home
she then innocently asks her father to
wake up her mother making garo scream in
agony
subscribe to watch more videos like this
turn on notifications
and leave a like it really helps the
channel out thank you for watching